we're here in the players dining room
can you tell me a little bit like your
memories from this place yeah well our
early one the first time he was nineteen
ninety three twenty years ago and the
food I was always outstanding then it
was always a nice when it was a batting
day you'd come to the ground knowing you
look forward to lunch and hopefully the
batsman scoring lots of runs all day and
if you got hungry in between time then
paint the room he would get your cheese
tasty as well it was always superb so
now they'll always look up to here and
it's nice when you don't have to do
anything and go back to the room just
curl up after a nice big fini the food
was delicious how fast have you run up
those stairs once he knew younger chumps
and then the food was ready and prepares
always he sort of just wanted to try and
time it right to say well done of the
batsman as they walk into the rooms and
then just nip off as quick as you
possibly can so it was always lovely the
staff fantastic up here too they always
look after you and the food's
outstanding so first ended up here was
always nice if you have plenty of time
for seconds
what goes on then here on a match day a
lot of cooking just for the players on
this side and what the community room on
this side what type of things you put on
the menu players a lot of meat grilled
meats chicken lamb beef and loads of
pastures and stir fries and stuff and
the Lord's players dining room menu
boards become quite famous you're very
proud to produce that on a daily basis
during a test match yeah we do some
really good food up here it's a very
high standard I've ever and there's an
Aussie how good is it at the moment
something at the ashes here and the
Australians in town as it were yes good
been waiting four years for so switch it
up playing better cricket have you had a
word with any of the players as they
come up if I said anything to you not
the players themselves but if you were
the backroom boys been of in good blokes
obviously the desserts probably the one
our fitness trainers what we're happy
with this sticky toffee pudding treacle
sponge and things like that but you know
it's a luxury that we get very rarely to
Momo sweet let me do good
who gets the know stuck in um Wow if
we're batting then you generally see
four bowlers sat around the table for a
good 40 minutes starter main course and
dessert Charlie when the uh which the
visiting team we saw maybe do a bit of a
theme welsh-language Ibish Lankan food
or carries for Indians Caribbean stuff
the West Indies well that's that's
what's keeping it interesting how many
of there are you in here on a Test match
day four chefs how's the band's had to
keep it lively she got her other host
will fall asleep tiring work up here
amazing steak here lamb chops as well it
was good but for me that there's always
a couple of bowls of fronds on the on
the table big big king prawns and
they're so they always go down with the
boys and when you sit see the opposition
you gonna sit opposite yeah thank you is
that something that's common at most
great
it is yeah yeah it can be a bit awkward
sometimes when you had a heated morning
session but it's something that we used
to it happens all over
just chunky you head down I guess and
get stuck into failure trying to go
everyone else